Welcome to AB testing podcast your modern testing podcast your hosts Alan and
Brent will be here to guide you through topics on testing leadership agile and
anything else that comes to mind now on with the show hello Brent hello are you
ready for the last episode of a B testing for a while I am NOT but it is
what it is it is what it is and if you're listening out of order go back
listen to last we'll talk more about it later we're taking a break for a while
while I go off and become consciously homeless but more on that later more on
that later Brent has been so long since we last recorded yeah what have you been
up to since the last time we talked I did some work think of anything in ADO I
pulled some weeds in my back nice yeah yeah that's about it all right yeah we
recorded Friday I just released that episode today and we're recording now on
Monday to come out on what day right today's episode listening do you
listening this comes off the press it is what day April 4th and what is the
significance of April 4th for for common very important day in the history of
the world or not it is the 11th anniversary of the first a B testing
podcast that is right congratulations us we are 11 yeah 10 more years and we get
free beer forever and if we live it's almost if you take take the podcast age
and convert it to dog years yeah it's it's almost your age right shut the
front door okay whatever I haven't done anything either some hike prep stuff
we'll talk about that later yeah but you know if you want to get into it do you
want to get into it yes welcome to the last mailbag of 2025 we got we have a
mailbag question should we do our prediction episode now because I won't
I'll be back I'll be back in September if all goes well I'll barely be gone is
that your prediction that you'll be back in September that's my prediction okay I
got fingers crossed this is episode 219 to one nine two one nice to 19 a prime
number let's think about that no idea okay
Laszlo no probably not I think that's right Laszlo Farkas says hey Alan and
Brent spelled our names right and everything awesome hey last little
questions here is one quite complex one but it cannot be a problem for you
probably we're not that smart what's your opinion on the strategic role of
quality what's the role contribution of quality into product strategy what's the
value of quality in general or product quality particularly can offer to say
cultures primarily for customers and business can product quality be a
competitive advantage yes can the quality of the product support the product
strategy of the given product can we charge higher prices if we improve
product quality can we customers really compare quality of our product
competitors products is quality just a cost or does quality generate profit do
you have examples for cloud projects where quality is a competitive
advantage who good context from software development organization point of view
cloud enterprise product quality strategy creation thank you it claims to
the fourth listener but that's not true because there are only three I have so
much to say but I'm gonna I didn't know where to start but Brent let's go
question by question okay what value what value the quality in general or
product quality particularly can offer the stakeholders primarily for customers
and business go ahead oh it just defer to me yeah let's do this I'll ask the
question then you answered then you can do all the work oh I did all the work
class episode no you didn't I did I so did I don't remember that so what's you
want to start with the bullet points or there's also the bullet points is what's
your opinion on the strategic role of quality but okay what value what
strategically evaluating the strategic role of quality is important yeah so
let me think for a minute I this is around quality and product strategy why
are you going so did you not have coffee yet today and actually no oh that might
be it yeah so you might have to boot start me here but I'm remembering this
ties into you know principle one I wrote an article once I probably can't
dig it out right now on because everybody talks about the cost of quality
and I think if you're thinking about the cost of quality you're doing it wrong
because quality is a competitive advantage so the question that second
blood point up ahead can product quality be competitive advantage absolutely yes
yes yes yes but is it not necessarily correct all right yeah all right let's go
back to the first bullet get me started here what value I'm trying to
grok the question what value the quality in general or product quality
particularly can offer the stakeholders so what is the value of quality though
the same yeah but particularly for stakeholders primarily customers and
business well the business obviously the business cares because the customers
care right so to me it's the same answer there right quality is in part
cost and quality isn't I don't understand how you tricked me into making me go
first on answering this question sneaky evil bastard we go the I go back to
Weinberg right now I also I also want to be very clear here on my opinion a lot
of people when they come and talk to me about quality they mean bugs oh and
this is actually no we can get in here right because this is implying and a lot
of the cost of quality stuff so it equates quality with testing and quality is not
testing qualities outcomes in quality is not bugs definitely not but bugs can
be anti or an anti pattern for quality well for customers and we can go back to
Weinberg it's a value right in person but it's such a I love the answer but
it's not enough well so okay what are the benefits of there's two definitions
of quality that we can operate here like one is the presence of bugs to what's
that bullshit okay now I can quality there was I also wrote an article on
around this a long time ago and I'm pretty certain that it brought up the
the chairs example here right ultimately quality I will say in our in our
relationship paused episode I guess I'll repeat Tom poppin likes point of view
which is when I share very strongly the true definition of quality is well
actually what his quote is most people forget no one wants software their
problem solved they want the problem solved so quality in a nutshell is to
degree you can solve someone's problem without bolting on additional baggage
yeah I like it and and you can even go further like you can solve their problem
and then some right so if I offer you a chair right I can give you you know the
standard kids table chair the little fold up little metal thing that's like
does its purpose but not the world's most comfortable one or you know I could
offer you the plush leather one that has the you know cup holders everywhere and
massages your back and even you sink into it like falling into a pillow right
both offer the ability to sit on right but one's gonna be viewed as a higher
quality because it offers a better experience and offering and so when I
look at quality can offering your customer a better experience be a
competitive advantage yes can offer I'm actually testing if I can answer all of
his questions just by changing the word product to better experience right and I
think I can't what value does a better experience in general or product quality
particularly offer well a lot right number one is the competitive edge and then as
long as you're focused on are you actually solving the customer's problems
without bringing along additional baggage then sure can product quality be a
competitive advantage yeah let me let me dive into that one cuz that one I can
give some examples and this goes back to it's not bugs product zero bugs is not
a competitive advantage it means you're delivering too slow actually if you
try and have zero bugs so there are businesses that have used quality attributes
whether it's resiliency reliability trust that have made that are a competitive
advantage stripe for example comes to mind
Brett name me another company that that is known for their payment system pay
not quite the same but it even works with stripe I think stripe are are a
leader because they are performant and reliable it almost always works sure
stuff sure stuff can happen but it it's relied on by thousands and thousands of
companies small companies around the globe and they made a business around
quality it just it just works and now because I said that somebody will tell
me that oh didn't work for me blah blah blah but I think you could even say I
would even throw Azure in here Azure AWS Google the cloud the three big cloud
platforms they are competitive with each other because their trustworthy they're
could their AWS had a big outage years ago but they've been rock-solid ever
since and that yes there are obstacles to get in the way but I would say that
they're their crowd quality crowd strike impacted all of them yeah okay not fair
then but but you can see I'm trying to think of some examples of where
companies have done well because their shit just works and maybe maybe the
cloud platforms are hard but stripe I would do maybe even like data dog I
would do because they make a product that's around reliability and
observability and I think they actually keep it oh sure sure it's just
software that just there is stuff out there that just works when you need it to
and that is an event that's why you don't go to the it's really hard for others to
break into the markets those folks are in because they have so much of a
competitive advantage in the quality and feature set they solve the customers
problems in a way that they can trust is reliable and is easy to use so yeah
absolutely a competitive advantage yeah that's my opinion mine too all right
don't go on yeah I was just loading up so the next question is how can the quality
of product support the product strategy of the given product okay I'm gonna
choose to rephrase that as for a given product is its quality important for
product strategy right marketing sales feature development in there I would say
yes to all of them right the when I look at that and I go okay many of these
questions I think I'm thinking how I'm gonna go deeper but many of these
questions I just want to load up principle five right if if you if you
understand your customer then they're going to drive the direction around how
important quality is to that strategy certain things like you bring up you
brought up the cloud but there's other there's other things along those lines
as well like how important how important is the water company's definition of
quality to their product strategy electricity gas like anything that's a
utility you really can't differentiate right it's it's well water you probably
could but electric company the quality there I guess is really important right
the for example where I live all the wires are underground which means I'm
resilient to to blackouts I still get them but we're much more resilient which
is nice right not having blackouts is better than having blackouts I agree
wait well to a point like it's fun having a little family adventures and
downstairs but can buds so bugs in the electric in the electrical grid yeah that
would be pretty bad because what's one of the like what is the customer
expectation of electricity but it's there it's there I plug in it works right
dude good let me I'm gonna stir this in a different way because I agree with all
that but the context is from software development organization point of view
cloud enterprise I think with cloud here and so what I see this question
I'll paraphrase it how does product quality support product strategy and I
think the key if I think about this you know if I'm wrong I think quality goes go
back to Brian Finster's comment around you know to find the bottlenecks new
system trying to CD I think product product quality enables product velocity
and then as you know when you can reduce your what principles this we can
reduce our feedback loops we can solve customers problems if we're able to
reduce our feedback loops we can solve our customers problems faster and more
efficiently what do you mean by reduce our you mean the time time I call time
okay like I'm like reduce our feedback loops why would we ever reduce our
people want them to be so because they'd be faster if the strategy is
quality then we are able to ship faster which enables us to deliver more
quality which enables us to ship faster and and that's true of both
definitions of quality whether it be bugs right I'm not a believer in over
act or in my view overreacting around oh we must prevent every bug possible okay
in most products but some products right just as I mentioned earlier it's the
ability that it solves a customer problem without bringing any additional baggage
yeah right in electric company if it brought additional baggage that gets
annoying right if if every day I plug in a new lamp I even if it's only for a few
milliseconds like my house has a brand out that would be annoying right um
would we survive in off of that sure sure can we charge higher prices if we
improve product quality uh for a cloud enterprise product absolutely yeah
absolutely and like you can't I mean to be clear you can't say here's our buggy
version of our product but you for five dollars more a month you can get our
better less buggy version that would never work right but again so higher
prices to improve product quality again can you charge it for having you can you
if if you had two products that solved the customer's problem exactly the same
way but one was buggier no but that's not the way you do it you have maybe you
have two products that work the same the the free version the enterprise
version what you get with the enterprise version is guaranteed uptime
SLAs you know more observability or auditing you those are the things
companies will give you in their paid version even if it's the same as the
free version yes and no right there it debates like I would say yes if we do
with customer if we go with quality with the previous definition the degree we
solve a customer's problem absolutely right you're your freemium one solves
the problem for you know follows the 8020 rule the premium the freemium one
solves you know the basic problem for 60% and then other folks have additional
nuance to the solution that they desire yeah you can charge higher prices for
that I don't know I don't know if it would be a good business strategy to to to
change the reliability of it but you wouldn't change the reliability we're
giving is a promise what quality gives you it's not you can't charge more for
it but it's directly but it's love its pricing leverage I do think if you can
make give SLAs or promise uptimes with some sort of cashback or discounts or
credits or whatever that you can back up with quality by all means you can
charge more we have a feature called spot VMs in Azure okay and the spot
VMs what we do is so it probably doesn't surprise you just like the electrical
company like the amount of compute needs goes up and down with day and
nighttime as well as throughout the week right people don't have a tendency to
need them at nighttime or on the weekend right and so the spot program is
something where we will we will sell compute power at a pretty significant
discount like 50% off yeah okay if it's using those off peak times but one of
the consequences is and we have multiple different versions of this product but
one of them is give it to you much cheaper however if a customer comes in and
asks we may evict yeah your capacity and take it back pretty much the exact same
feature set and product that GCP's had for five years but we've had it for
much longer than five years and Amazon has it as well yeah right um but that's
one where it's definitely a lower quality product right because we could evict you
at any point you're choosing to get a discount to your sacrificing like this is
okay if it's this can get interrupted it's fine I will take that risk to pay
less money right and so the if you know lesser quality could you lower prices or
higher quality but higher prices yes you can you can have ways to leverage
quality into money all right what's the next question can can we slash customers
really compare quality of our products with the competitors products yes yeah
I mean I'm not well absolutely you can and they do customers do customers
absolutely do the problem I have with the question is can we meaning us
internally so you have to Mike that's what that's all point of the the
competitive analysis however like if it's exactly the same product like you need to
know that you need to it's really hard to differentiate we can we can and we have
and we will and we do yes we've been doing on a point-by-point basis no no
can't but the best of customers care about right you could do and I know
Microsoft has done this any company in the world could do this just just
freaking scrape reddit and do sentiment analysis on your on your product versus
a customer's product and that you can do that internally a software team and
compare quality again how well does help us solve our problem across multiple
products and Microsoft's done that for a long freaking time and anybody can do
it well I would argue for example the magic quadrant like gardeners made its
whole business yes right so yeah absolutely you can and it's being done
and depending on what you're like he's talking about a cloud enterprise
product pretty good chance if it is indeed a cloud enterprise product pretty
good chance it is being done yeah right and the customers of that you can just
they're comparing products all the time everybody's looking for something cheaper
and better I spent a lot of time in in Azure's support strategy in an
ecosphere and I can tell you from from seeing customer cases right that
customers do they absolutely do you can get the feedback from them directly if
you if you have the right systems in place is quality just a cost or does
quality also generate profit it generates profit well it is it a cost I
would argue that quality is as much of a cost as a cost is a building
this is where I go back and forth so when I look at this I look at quality in
terms of the customer's perception and the ability to solve the problem and I
also look at quality because I think still most of the audience also still
thinks of code correctness right code correctness hey can I can I ship code
that that solves most of the problems pretty quickly at a cheaper price if I
don't care about bugs yeah but here's the thing not if you want to
continuously do it if you go back to the feedback loop that you were talking
about how do we speed up the cycle time you can't scale your product off of
crap right actually and that's exactly I was gonna say poor quality means you're
doing rework and churn and support costs and engineering drag and people quitting
because the product sucks those are maybe it's an investment more than a
cost you have to invest in quality because again like I answered a few
questions ago if you have faster cycle time and fewer production issues and
happier customers like or higher and say MPS so let's say does it cost me more to
build a product that has a higher NPS and the answer is I don't how many bones
are in mannings I don't know it may it may not but if you could call it a
cost if that investment is good but if you're you make it back a hundred times
well it depends like I think about right I could do a big design up front product
I could do a whole bunch of cost and have it not ever payout right so it's the
feedback loop that becomes critical and and I'm not certain like if I were to say
okay let's say you and I were to start a new startup and we're gonna make a
whole new Windows OS just the two of us yeah let's do it but we're gonna do it
old-school because Python we miss 1988 mm-hmm we're gonna we're gonna we're
gonna spend six months speckin out the features yeah and it's not gonna ship
for another five years but we're gonna have three betas it's fine now we don't
need the betas that's too expensive got it got to print those CD ROMs right
floppies so we're gonna be heavily focused on bug passes or bug bashes and test
passes and all of that because in that world you test quality into the product
you don't know right and and a big chunk of that type of quality is
absolutely a cost in my humble opinion okay but yeah right okay but done right
done the modern testing way it's not I would say quality can be a cost it does
not have to be a cost you don't want it to be a cost you don't want to be a cost
like one of my favorite favorite piece of advice like when I look at this I
guess like okay what's the cost gonna be to maintain it right I want I want my
team to make sure that some of that monitors like I I I don't want a
strategy where we're where we are at risk of re-architecting big pieces of it
every three months that's that's a death knell but if we don't know where
we're going that's what we have to figure out first if we don't know what our
product is and what the customer's definition of quality I've actually had
this conversation with my team recently I have a bunch of data scientists who who
who are new they don't understand they're like but Brent when I did my
paper right the metric what was matter in the and from my doctoral thesis like I
had to get the quality as high as possible when I'm like yeah you're not an
academia anymore I want the I want the product out the door oh great you don't
care about quality no that's wrong I care very much about quality you aren't
qualified to tell me if we have a quality product my customer is and
everything that you and I are talking about is theory until it goes out to my
customer so if we believe this is better than the current system and you're a
data scientist you should be able to measure that if we believe it's better
then I want it out the door because I want the feedback loop does that make
sense it does completely so I think we've the last one is do you have examples
of companies think we gave some I could probably rack my brain and think of a
bunch more but it's the household names it's the the things you you the canonical
names I don't know if I think pager duty sometimes I get mad because they're
expensive but and and they but they don't really have much competition
because everybody who wants to set this up knows it will work you say pager duty
yeah is that a company yeah your branch worked at Microsoft where they didn't
never use these things everybody else uses a page duty yeah no
means you have a goddamn pager so it's so funny yeah you live too deep in the in
the in the bubble but things that are canonical if there's a thing and there's
a tool that everyone uses for it it's probably because of quality and you could
argue well this other open source thing is way better and and I'll go back to the
thing Brent's probably for the price right you have two products one the
product with a lot of bugs and a hundred thousand users and one product with no
bugs and hundred users which one's higher quality the one with more users yeah
absolutely and there's a reason for that so if you look at some of the de facto
standards the ones that haven't been shoved down your throat by by IT like
Microsoft Teams but things that are considered a standard for what they do
they're almost always high quality not always I would say almost always the
ones that take on a specific scenario and then nail it yeah right that I like
slack is fantastic a servo survey monkey fantastic right there's there's other
decisions when I think about tools of that nature right like I don't know what
pager duty is it sounds like a DRI yeah you set up yeah it's not who you think
it is okay yeah if there's something on on the open market that whenever you
like make a tools decision you're like okay is it more effective for me to to
buy a solution to to rent one or build one in-house yeah and that's a whole
other conversation we're not going to talk about but of course is is the I
didn't think about this until I left Microsoft for a startup and just
briefly on this before we go on is the decision to should we buy this thing if
you're a brand new startup and you have 20 people or a hundred people you buy
almost everything or you rent it or you rent it yeah yeah if there's a turning
point now Microsoft built almost everything not even everything but almost
everything you didn't weren't buying a lot of software to use at Microsoft
that's no that hasn't changed our relationship with open source has
what's interesting is when because there is a tipping point that you've never
gone through where where a company it no longer makes sense because of prices per
seat to buy something and it makes sense to build it and generally my heuristic
for that is how much does this cost versus how many FTEs would it cost of
employing FTEs to build and maintain it and you get to a point in a company size
and it could it's depending on the engineering org and the cultural kinds
things could be anywhere from you know 1500 to 5,000 engineers at some point it
gets cheaper to build more and more and more you never to go build your own
cloud infra but some things team organizations are going to begin to
build lots of examples won't go into today but it's I don't think you ever
talked about that but it's interesting because at Microsoft I never we didn't
buy anything everything we built ourselves at Unity we bought everything
and only as I was leaving as they were cutting the number engineers down it
started making sense to build some of those things we have been buying before
so it would have been great at that company what it's still around and we
may and I still really like it just it's a lot different from when I was
there it would be fun to be at a company navigating through that transition
because I have to imagine every company's gone through it like Netflix I bet early
on they bought all of their stuff and then built a bunch of really cool tools
as it made more sense to build them like any brought up Netflix like I'm I wonder
if I wonder to what degree Netflix is in the cloud versus because they started
up on their own infra yeah I don't remember they're mostly oh maybe they use
AWS as backup I can't remember I think they're actually now I can't remember
it's it's and there was an article I read just last September nice I still
have time to read they claimed that a lot of companies are are now developing
cloud exit strategies that that came up at the interview as well I think it to
get pretty big before I think there's a lot of variables in there and choosing to
do your own data going back to do so well so like none of the clouds really
have the the dream of the cloud is the compute just works okay and as more and
more features come more and more complexity like we're kind of in this
stasis where and I would say the cloud industry as a whole month not giving
away any Azure secrets here but it's all Azure but yeah the I forgot where I was
doing all right doesn't matter does it yeah we got off on a tangent quality
good but quality really needs to be what what your customers care about right and
that's it's a strategic investment absolutely and code correctness also good
also a strategic investment I firmly believe in this is something that I've
hit with my manager or with my team and my manager now echoes it right the
amount the amount of hardening I want in the architecture of my systems are the
ones that can allow me to live the next three months because I want to
continuously harder not fix all the bugs now right like because understanding that
my products is even helping the customer is is more important than fixing
theoretical February 29th Unicode weird issues okay cool yeah all right last
episode of A B testing for a while I am going on a long walk in the woods as I
hinted at in case you didn't listen to the last episode for some reason or you
slept through my talking I'm taking off on April 20th to walk from the Mexican
border and hopefully end up mid-september at the Canadian border and
lots of stops in between you have a you have an image of your trek plane that
you're willing to share maybe you should post it well it's just the
Pacific Crest Trail there's a well-known trail that goes the whole way
it's all I can't anything secret but what I'm going to do and I'll share this
in my blog at angry weasel that substat comm what I'm planning on doing
it's not there yet friend don't type anything in oh it's looking for the
pct you can see it over my left shoulder in a blurred fashion in my back
wall there yes very similarly looking like California or the the Pacific Coastline
right that's kind of where it goes right up the mountains there so yeah I'm I
forget what you asked I'm oh on my blog I'm gonna post I'm probably gonna do
like some daily updates and I'm going to give you all an opportunity to track
where I'm at via map my GPS will tell you where I am along the way you can see
if I got stuck someplace for a while probably just resting probably in a hot
tub somewhere it's fine I'm not gonna walk every day I will take a few days
off along the way and rest my weary old muscles but yeah I'm I'm sharing are
you actually doing this red line yeah the red line even like this weird yeah
okay nobody knows what you're talking about so the weird thing is if you go to
Wikipedia I can just tell people there's a weird place in Southern California by
LA where that where the trail goes from going south to north to all of a sudden
going from east to west for a while and then it goes mostly north again it does
be andered to go around you know to kind of you have to not walk in over cliffs
or things so that's where it goes first 700 ish miles are in the air quote desert
that goes over some mountains to you but if something California hit the Sierra
another 500 miles or so gets you through the big mountains there then you have
NorCal Oregon and Washington I wish I could zoom in on this map are you gonna
go walking through wine country nappas over here no nap is much farther north
you're thinking of Sonoma oh you're right France from California I know
California geography better than he does I don't know anything I will not walk
through wine country that will not yeah if you walk through freezer park let my
uncle I don't think I will okay cool so yeah I'm anyway I'm just gonna walk I'm
gonna tell I get tired then I'm gonna put my tent up and go to sleep and
then repeat I'm gonna eat too that's probably good maybe dream you know hunt
squirrels you have so tell me what it say you got your weight down to six pounds my
cut my pack now is 13 13 do you have a backup pair of shoes not that I carry
with me no I will swap out shoes every 400 or so miles okay and how how how
you doing that if you're not carrying them they get airlifted to me no dude you
you go through towns like every three to ten days the whole way and I see and I
will just go to the store and I'll buy a new pair throw the old pair away and put
the old pair on and keep walking okay sometimes you're not walking straight
through the town sometimes you're crossing a road where you hitchhike like
ten miles to town okay so every what it what are you expecting to be your
traversal rate 10 30 miles a day but so probably starting off around 15 okay
getting up to 20 20 plus before I get to the Sierra where it'll slow down again
because it's so much elevation by the time I get to NorCal I expect 25 to 30
miles a day okay all right and so at 15 to 30 so you're going through a town
what every other day then no it depends on the days where their towns are three
days apart sure like at the beginning there's towns everywhere by the time you
get like to the Sierra you may go 11 days without seeing anybody okay and
you're like planning on showers along the way or you just cut this big gigantic
bottle of perfume and I will do laundry and take showers good call
but those will happen probably swim in a few lakes as well with some of the dirt
off but but yeah showers and laundry will happen so yeah it's and also I got a
bite to food in towns I can't carry 140 days of food no no well I figured you
weren't joking around the you know squirrel chili no no squirrel chili
okay let's do vegan squirrels so it's really just a I'm pretty sure squirrels
are a lot of people a lot of people who don't finish one or two things happen
one is they get hurt sure a lot of people have don't know much hiking
experience first and do this and they try and do too much they just get hurt
or they fall and they get hurt barring getting hurt the other thing people get
off the trail for is to just they get bored because your job is to get up and
walk every day and they just get frickin tired of it I happen to love it and so
that happened to me so long as I can keep from getting hurt I will make it for
me I like to explore so if I saw it as giving up and walking every day yeah I a
few a few days I'd be looking for you know a large tree spike to ram mice
into me but I like exploring and so if like if I were going through this I'd be
like okay I'm definitely gonna go see that I want to go see that I want to go
see that that's how I would be doing my goal would be nuts I would be looking
for the things that I want to go check out take pictures of etc and as I do
that also happen to you know cross the PCT well we'll just doing it the other
way around I would go crazy there are lots of lots of fun things to look at on
the trail that's why I'm doing it okay okay and I will we'll check in when I
get back we'll do I'll jump back we'll do it I don't know we'll plan for a
podcast in October for the the long-awaited episode 220 220 yeah we'll
see if how long it takes Alan to figure out how to make everything work yeah I
may forget my name by then did you write down your password to your device yeah
it keep all my passwords on it they're on a poster behind my desk oh okay that
makes sense they're all up there that makes it easier it's all the word
password except for I use twos instead of s's yeah threes instead of ease yeah
I get that I'm top-secret okay well happy anniversary brand happy anniversary to
you Alan all right we please be safe I'm sure you're gonna have a crap load of
fun yep don't leave for 20 days I'll be around in slack for a while I am
sending my work I got my box to send my work computer back in today that's
exciting I thought about sending it in like right away but I realized I'm
technically supposed to work with three more days or four more days so does anyone
care did you have a good point nobody cares all my meetings have dropped off
nobody cares anymore so you're just like answering email no I don't even answer
me anymore who cares I would tell that person to go do this but they've already
been reassigned no my team I'm being nice to anybody else if some rando from
another org says hey what do you think about this my answer is you get it all
right hey there's a thing called Ansel Adams wilderness that's nice yeah so on
Wikipedia there's also Brent surfing Wikipedia while we talk this is no this
is so no I think I think we're do you hear that they annotated many of the
stops so oh you're gonna go through are you going through Yosemite kind of I
love Yosemite yo some I've been there multiple times as our wonderful president
called it all right good lots of pictures I will take them I will share Brent it
has been great 11 years we took one other break way back then some long
time listeners may not like this no okay all right once again and for the
last time for a while I am Alan and I'm Brent and we'll see you next time even
though next time was a long way away